(Chopping) (music)
Hello everyone!
Today we will be doing chap ji
Chap Ji Hye is a translucent soft noodle with meat
Fried mushrooms and vegetables.
Doesn't this look delicious and nutritious?
Yeah.
If you have a great event soon
And I made this dish.
You will be of interest to many.
You will be famous.
Years ago, I uploaded the video of how Chap Ji works,
But today, I'm going to make a small amount.
First, let's season the meat.
This is a loin steak.
But if you are a vegetarian, you can skip this step,
And use a lot of mushrooms.
I use beef but you can use another meat.
Soak dried shiitake mushrooms in water for two hours.
So.
The fungus is very wide,
So I'll cut it into slices ...
So.
So, if you are vegan,
Just add more shiitake mushroom.
Then we put mushrooms on the meat.
We cut this.
And also garlic clove.
We add it here.
Sugar, you can use white or brown sugar
Ground black pepper.
Two teaspoons of soy sauce.
A teaspoon of sesame oil.
And mix.
It smells like polo (Korean dish).
Soo keep this in the fridge
While I prepare other ingredients.
Egg yolk.
And the egg whites.
Just a little salt.
You can do the same with egg whites, too.
You make it like a white sheet like this.
It can be used,
But the yolk is yellow.
It is beautiful and highlights its color.
I always make a yellow paper.
Wipe the oil
So that only a thin layer is covered.
Let's put out the fire.
So, there is no heat now.
The pan is hot.
With the rest of the heat, we cook the egg.
Turn it like this.
Very beautiful color.
Both sides are yellow.
Matured.
Leave it cool.
This is spinach.
My final layer will be here,
A very important bowl today.
So, whenever I finish cooking part,
I will put it here.
First, we start with spinach.
I cleaned the spinach.
About 30 seconds to a minute we allow it to cook.
Okay, I'll let the water boil.
Then squeeze the water.
Then we add some soy sauce.
And sesame oil.
And these noodles.
Look at its size. (Laughter)
Made with sweet potato starch.
You can buy it easily
From any Korean grocery.
Or you can use cellophane noodles.
When you cook it it becomes very transparent.
Like glass and soft.
This is what makes this dish so special.
I will use 4 ounces (about 113 grams).
Okay, after a minute, we're stirring.
And here we are (Laughter)
I will cut the types of vegetables.
Cut it about two inches (about 5 cm).
If this white part is wide,
You can cut it in two
But today its thickness is good.
Two or three green onions.
And onion.
Onions are very delicious.
I will use about a cup.
White fungus, we cut the base
And cut it into thin slices.
I will cut these red things
Carrots and red capsicum,
But only red peppers can be used.
Or just carrots.
About three quarters of a cup.
We get rid of this inner part.
Cut this well, beautiful isn't it?
Red color.
I will use this simple amount.
Do not throw them away.
Cut them and use them with fried rice.
And now the two good ones, Ki Ran Ji Dan, let's cut it.
The slicing mission is over.
Exactly seven minutes later, I check fate.
this is.
(swallowing)
The noodles are soft.
Cook it well.
very hot.
These noodles are quite long.
So I will cut it.
So.
Well, this is our true bowl.
Everything is ready, we'll put it here.
I will use sesame oil.
soy sauce.
small spoon.
And a teaspoon of sugar.
And mix.
If you are going to work a lot, you can do this in another bowl.
But today we do a small amount,
So I use one bowl, everything, like this.
Add some oil.
Onions.
And green onions.
And a little salt.
Transfer until the white part withers
Of onions and green onions.
Onions become transparent.
You do not need to wash these.
We start the fire again.
A little oil.
And this time we put mushrooms.
Also a little salt.
And when mushrooms are cooked,
It glitters and softens like this.
We transfer it to the bowl.
Then, red things.
The islands first.
Fifteen seconds.
Then add the red pepper.
Well done.
And do not forget about meat and mushrooms.
Shiitake mushrooms are also spiced
In a balsamic dressing sauce.
When we cook this it tastes really like ...
Texture is like a plum (Korean dish),
We must fry it until the pink flesh disappears
The mushrooms are also ripe
It becomes mushy and shiny.
I will use a large garlic clove.
So.
Soy sauce and sugar.
1 tablespoon of soy sauce.
Tablespoon of sugar.
Ground black pepper.
This is black pepper.
I want to add a lot
Because black pepper makes it so delicious.
And more sesame oil.
(Swallow)
Fabulous.
Tasty.
And then sesame seeds.
Crunchy sesame seeds.
This egg.
I will add it here.
My God, isn't it beautiful!
And more sesame seeds.
Fabulous!
You guys!
I really wish I could share it with you.
It is enough for four people.
And if you're hungry, two people are enough. (Laughter)
Let me give it a try, Al-Chubbaji.
Today we did the simulation together.
OK.
In all your health!
(swallowing)
Tasty!
Sweet.
The noodles slip into my mouth.
Tastier than usual.
(swallowing)
Ummm.
Sometimes people ask me,
“Oh Mang Chi, when you do the analogy,
Why not fry all things together
Instead of frying everything alone.
"Why do you say everything alone?"
Each ingredient needs a different cooking time, (in order to preserve the colors of the ingredients)
So we need to prepare each part separately.
One bit of chagabi contains a lot of flavors and textures.
Whenever people make this dish for big parties,
Always executed quickly.
Especially when you go to parties where food is available all the time,
You make your plate but nobody touches it,
And you feel embarrassed,
But Al-Shabbaji is very popular, I promise.
Do it and share it with your family.
Or your friends, co-workers, and all the people (Laughter), we agreed.
I hope you enjoyed my recipe.
See you next time.
Bye.
(Music)